[Applause]
you know one of the most interesting
things about Twitter is it connects
celebrities directly to their fans and
vice-versa many celebrities actually do
the tweeting themselves which means
pretty much anytime you like you can
send a message to them and unless it's
someone like Justin Beiber who has 18
million followers they will probably
read it your message goes right to their
computer or into their pocket which can
be good and it can also be bad and we
like to focus on the bat here at this
show so in anticipation of Twitter's 6th
anniversary we have some celebrities to
read some of their favorite tweets from
fans these are real tweets sent to and
about the people you're about to see and
we present them to you now via the
old-fashioned magic of television enjoy
Joel McHale is a huge d-bag oh you
couldn't spell douche have 140
characters couldn't spell douche I get
it yeah David Cross is not my kind of
comedian
[Music]
hey Roseanne get a life
you are a big jason bateman is gay
question mark new yo at Kevin on the
score Nealon you suck fat balls that was
too if you change the I in on apheresis
last name to a tee
you get on a fart
wait ellipses so ellipses Busy Philipps
is not a Dixie chick LOL yo Will Ferrell
dum maybe you're dumb
Kristen Bell is so ugly way too ugly to
play Snow White and Snow White and the
Huntsman this is confusing this is not
will earn it looks like Dracula Wow
looks like like that like a cartoon
version of Dracula or Dracula dragon
what because my teeth that you know it
is my hairline got it thank you
it's people like Kathy Griffin who are
the root causes for why redheads are
perceived as the spawn of Satan this
one's actually sweet can it be my turn
to punch auntie dick until there's bones
in his stool
[Applause]
Will Ferrell is a fool that one I can
tell the compliment come on fool look at
me oh I'm a fool thank you thank you
[Music]
[Applause]